
**Question :**

You are given an array of CPU `tasks`, each labeled with a letter from A to Z, and a number `n`. Each CPU interval can be idle or allow the completion of one task. Tasks can be completed in any order, but there's a constraint: there has to be a gap of **at least** `n` intervals between two tasks with the same label.

Return the **minimum** number of CPU intervals required to complete all tasks.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** tasks = ["A","A","A","B","B","B"], n = 2

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:** A possible sequence is: A -> B -> idle -> A -> B -> idle -> A -> B.

After completing task A, you must wait two intervals before doing A again. The same applies to task B. In the 3rd interval, neither A nor B can be done, so you idle. By the 4th interval, you can do A again as 2 intervals have passed.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** tasks = ["A","C","A","B","D","B"], n = 1

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** A possible sequence is: A -> B -> C -> D -> A -> B.

With a cooling interval of 1, you can repeat a task after just one other task.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** tasks = ["A","A","A", "B","B","B"], n = 3

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** A possible sequence is: A -> B -> idle -> idle -> A -> B -> idle -> idle -> A -> B.

There are only two types of tasks, A and B, which need to be separated by 3 intervals. This leads to idling twice between repetitions of these tasks.

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= tasks.length <= 104`
- `tasks[i]` is an uppercase English letter.
- `0 <= n <= 100`

**Solution:**

```java
class Solution {
    public int leastInterval(char[] tasks, int n) {
        int freq [] =  new int[26];
        for(char ch : tasks)
            freq[ch-'A']++;
        PriorityQueue<Integer> heap = new PriorityQueue<>(Collections.reverseOrder());
        for(int i : freq)
            if(i>0) heap.add(i);

        Queue<int[]> q = new LinkedList<>();
        int time = 0;
        while(!heap.isEmpty() || !q.isEmpty()){
            time++;
            if (heap.isEmpty()){
                time = q.peek()[1];
            }
            else {
                int cnt = heap.poll()-1;
                if(cnt>0) q.add(new int[]{cnt,time+n});
            }

            if(!q.isEmpty() && q.peek()[1] == time )
                heap.add(q.poll()[0]);
        }
        return time;
    }
}
```

*Greedy:*

```java
public class Solution {
    public int leastInterval(char[] tasks, int n) {
        int[] count = new int[26];
        for (char task : tasks) {
            count[task - 'A']++;
        }

        Arrays.sort(count);
        int maxf = count[25];
        int idle = (maxf - 1) * n;

        for (int i = 24; i >= 0; i--) {
            idle -= Math.min(maxf - 1, count[i]);
        }
        return Math.max(0, idle) + tasks.length;
    }
}
```